EB-2:
B1 
B2
E1
E2
H1B
I-140 Petition
https://www.visapro.com
H2B
B2
F1
J1
M1
ds160
Java Trainer at Aptech Computer Education---------2Y-----------career@meridian-nigeria.com
LAWERS
MBA HAWAII 15000
pipleo1-protonmail
networkbulls
a10 consultancy
Business management consultant in Maryland
Address: 2261 Greencedar Dr, Bel Air, MD 21015, USA
Phone: +1 443-643-6139
CCNA – 100% · CCNP – 100% · Juniper JNCIA – 100% · ASA & PIX Firewall – 100% · VPN IPSEC & GRE LAB – 100% Cisco 6500 Switch Architecture · Cisco Nexus 7000 Switch Architecture · Cisco 4500 Switch Architecture · 60% of CCIE which includes MPLS L3 VPN's · F5 LTM

Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications

Training Duration:

10 weeks · 5days a week · 2hrs a day · Timings- 8:30 am EST.
Benefits we provide:

Online and onsite Training Program. · Free Accommodation based on the availability. · H1B Sponsorship. · GC processing. · Resume enhancement with experts. · Online Test and Interview Preparation. · Real Time Project Training. · 24*7 Support on training period. · Mock-Interviews. · On Job Support.


Can I be a freelance contractor in the US?
Being a professional freelance contractor, in the way that IT professionals have been able to in Australia, the UK (pre IR35), and in much of Continental Europe, is not an option in the US

EB2 Eligibility
Route 1: Advanced Degree
he applicant is seeking employment in the United States that requires an advanced degree (or equivalent, e.g. a baccalaureate degree plus 5 years progressive experience in the field) and they have the required qualifications.

Route 2: Exceptional Ability
Alternatively, they must be able to prove exceptional ability in their area (arts or sciences, business, medicine, or athletics).

Exceptional ability is defined as “significantly above that normally encountered.” Evidence is required that meets at least three of seven criteria set by USCIS, which may include:

academic records,
professional licenses,
recognition in the particular field,
letters that attest to the beneficiary’s experience,
professional association memberships,
or exceptional salary.

the individual does not requires a job offer and  may petition for the EB2 directly.

NIW cases can be preferable to other employment-based green card options, however they tend to be complex and involve extensive scrutiny by USCIS. For this reason, anyone considering this route must speak to an experienced immigration attorney before starting any application process.

 Tier 1 Graduate Entrepreneur Scheme uk
 
 Tier 2 General Visa
 
 Tier 5 (Temporary Worker - International Agreement) visa
 
 UK Standard Visitor visa
 
 Open work permit (International Mobility Program)-canada
 
 A job offer from a Canadian employer is usually a prerequisite to receiving a Canadian Work Permit.
In some instances, Canadian immigration regulations allow for Open Work Permits, which are not employer-specific.

through a work permit, then no IELTS is needed. If going through Express Entry that is launched just recently, then IELTS is needed


O-1
consulting and advising other companies (freelancing)
global recognition (speaking at conferences)
significant contributions to the field (semi-popular books/courses)
having published materials in recognized journals (Business Insider, HuffPost, etc.)
high income (income arbitrage: US client thinks you’re cheap, Slovenia thinks you’re rich)
judging the work of others (picking talks)
amazing reference letters (thank you!) (result of chance encounters)
-------------------
Have you received a lesser nationally or internationally recognized prize or award for excellence in the field of endeavor?
Are you a member of any associations which require outstanding achievements of their members as judged by recognized national or international experts?
Is there published material in professional or major trade publications or major media about you which relates to your work in the field?
Have you participated on a panel or individually as a judge of the work of others in the same or in an allied field of specialization?
Have you made original scientific, scholarly or business-related contributions of major significance?
Have you authored scholarly articles in professional journals or other major media?
Have you been employed in a critical or essential capacity for organizations and establishments that have a distinguished reputation?
Have you or will you command a high salary or other remuneration for your services?